README.rst, before:

==========================
Pattern Recognition Server
==========================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/char-lie/pattern-recognition-server.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/char-lie/pattern-recognition-server

.. contents::

How to use
==========

Available on `sprs.herokuapp.com`_.
If it doesn't respond for several seconds,
just wait.
I use free Heroku plan,
so the application sleeps if it isn't in use for an hour.
After the response it wakes up again.

How to launch
=============

If you want to launch the application locally,
remember: it tastes better with nvm_.

- Install NodeJS_ 12 or later (you can use ``nvm install node`` for this)
- Download the project using
  ``git clone git@github.com:char-lie/pattern-recognition-server.git``.

Production mode
---------------

- Go to the project directory and run ``npm i``,
  and it will install all needed dependencies locally.
- Execute ``npm build`` to build all static files.
- Execute ``npm start``.
  You can also provide ``PORT`` environment variable
  to specify the port to bind the server to.

Development mode
----------------

- If you want to develop, run ``npm i -D``
  to install development dependencies as well
  (development server, linter, transpilers, etc.)
- Launch ``npm run start:dev`` to start development server
  with real-time restart on code changes.

.. _nvm:
    https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm
.. _NodeJS:
    https://nodejs.org
.. _sprs.herokuapp.com:
    https://sprs.herokuapp.com

Commit message:

Close #26: Implement WebSocket zero task (#31)
This is my first WebSocket server.

The purpose of task zero is to check the ability of students
to use WebSockets needed for further tasks.

The main concept is to have a single WebSocket server
with multiple tasks with different sessions within.
Each session has its own executor and can have multiple observers.
Observers receive all messages (both from server and executor),
while the executor receives only server messages.

- Add `start:dbg` script to allow debug mode.
- Modify `no-underscore-dangle` rule: allow underscores after `this`
  to mark methods as "special".
- Implement a WebSocket server module.
  - `WSClientListener` base class to serve connected clients.
  - `WSObserver` listener for passive observers of tasks.
  - `WSExecutor` listener/emitter to serve task executor.
  - `WSExecutorZero` checker for task zero.
  - `WSTaskServer` tasks manager.
- Implement task zero. To complete it, an executor should:
  - Create a session on the server under `/zero` path
  - Send `Let's start` message to the server
  - Receive and parse a string from the server.
    The format is: `[number] [operator] [number]`,
    where `[number]` is an integer from `1` to `100`
    and `[operator]` is one of `+`, `-` and `*`.
  - Send the solution to the problem (an integer).

[Awesome WebSockets](https://github.com/facundofarias/awesome-websockets#awesome-websockets-)
seems to contain links to a good variety of client WebSocket libraries for
`Python`, `C++`, `C`, `Java`, `Scala`, `C#`, `NodeJS`, `Ruby`, `PHP` etc.
Should be helpful for the task completion.

README.rst, after:

==========================
Pattern Recognition Server
==========================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/char-lie/pattern-recognition-server.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/char-lie/pattern-recognition-server

.. contents::

How to use
==========

Available on `sprs.herokuapp.com`_.
If it doesn't respond for several seconds,
just wait.
I use free Heroku plan,
so the application sleeps if it isn't in use for an hour.
After the response it wakes up again.

How to launch
=============

If you want to launch the application locally,
remember: it tastes better with nvm_.

- Install NodeJS_ 12 or later (you can use ``nvm install node`` for this)
- Download the project using
  ``git clone git@github.com:char-lie/pattern-recognition-server.git``.

Production mode
---------------

- Go to the project directory and run ``npm i``,
  and it will install all needed dependencies locally.
- Execute ``npm build`` to build all static files.
- Execute ``npm start``.

Development mode
----------------

- If you want to develop, run ``npm i -D``
  to install development dependencies as well
  (development server, linter, transpilers, etc.)
- Launch ``npm run start:dev`` to start development server
  with real-time restart on code changes.

Environment variables
---------------------

- ``PORT`` specifies the port to bind the server to.
  ``3000`` by default.
- ``MAX_CONNECTED_CLIENTS`` is the websocket connection pool size.
  ``1`` by default.

.. _nvm:
    https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm
.. _NodeJS:
    https://nodejs.org
.. _sprs.herokuapp.com:
    https://sprs.herokuapp.com
